Now that React router is installed,
we can use all of the different components that it comes with.
So, inside of our main index.css file here,
let's go ahead and import BrowserRouter from react-router-dom,
don't forget the dashed.com and don't forget the curly braces around BrowserRouter.
Now, all we need to do is take our main app component,
and wrap it around our BrowserRouter.
What this will allow us to do,
is it will allow us to use
the other components that React router dom comes with inside of our app,
and it'll also listen to the URL.
So, whenever the URL changes,
the routing components will be notified of that.
So, that's it for this file go ahead and save it,
and then we'll continue on in the next video.